index.md, before:

# News and Blogs

## 2 Feb 2023, FOSDEM - Conquer the Chaos
I am looking forward to my trip to Brussels on 4 Feb 2023 for the [FOSDEM](https://fosdem.org/2023/) conference at the Université Libre. The organisers just posted a message on Mastodon calling for volunteers - to conquer the chaos. I like that! 
It'll be the first time to cover a conference and I hope it will work out. 

## 29 Jan 2023, What's Coming this Year?
The good news is that I there are a number of episodes ready for publishing until summer this year. But, as we go into year 3 of Code for Thought, I'd like to expand the podcast:
- Conference reporting: In person events are happening again and the plan is to start covering conferences and workshops, starting with [FOSDEM](https://fosdem.org/2023/) in Brussels 4 and 5 Feb, followed by the German RSE [conference](https://de-rse23.sciencesconf.org) in Paderborn 20-22 Feb and [JupyterCon](https://www.jupytercon.com) in Paris 10-12 May.
- Going International: Watch out for the interview with the founders of [RSE Asia](https://rse-asia.github.io/RSE_Asia/) which will go live in the first half of this year. But I am also excited about the idea of launching a **German** language version of Code for Thought - starting with the RSE conference in Paderborn (see above)
- ByteSized RSE: Our ByteSized RSE mini series is to continue with 4 more episodes. The series has been in conjunction with the online and interactive sessions run by Jeremy Cohen and Steve Couch. It's an exciting idea to combine training sessions with podcast episodes. And we will discuss how we can take this further in future. 

## 28 Jan 2023, Starting a Newsletter and Support on Patreon
Over the past two years I found there is a lot of information and material that may not make it into an episode. Which doesn't mean it's not worthwhile sharing. 
Hence, I would like to use this space to give you extra bits of stories, information, news snippets etc. 

In addition, I would like to ask you for your support.
The podcast has been growing since its creation some 56 episodes ago. 
It has been an amazing journey. And one I would like to continue with more content for listeners and readers.
And so for 2023 and beyond, I plan to spend more time and effort on content creation and production.

Since this is a community podcast I really appreciate your feedback and ideas.
There are plenty of ways to contact me 
- on Slack ukrse  (@piddie), 
- Mastodon (@code4thought@fosstodon.org), 
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pweschmidt/) or 
- simply by (email)[mailto:code4thought@proton.me].

I also took the liberty to create a "tipping" jar for the podcast on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/codeforthought).

Commit message:

new letter about Open Source software

index.md, after:

# News and Blogs

## 8 Feb 2023, The case for Open Software and Data
Since I started podcasting I have been writing and scripting a lot. For two years this worked well, until this morning when the app I used decided to block access to my content. It turned out to be a licence server issue. But it made me think about the pitfalls of using proprietory software and data formats... [Read on](./posts_2023/CaseOpenSource.md).

## 2 Feb 2023, FOSDEM - Conquer the Chaos
I am looking forward to my trip to Brussels on 4 Feb 2023 for the [FOSDEM](https://fosdem.org/2023/) conference at the Université Libre. The organisers just posted a message on Mastodon calling for volunteers - to conquer the chaos. I like that! 
It'll be the first time to cover a conference and I hope it will work out. 

## 29 Jan 2023, What's Coming this Year?
The good news is that I there are a number of episodes ready for publishing until summer this year. But, as we go into year 3 of Code for Thought, I'd like to expand the podcast:
- Conference reporting: In person events are happening again and the plan is to start covering conferences and workshops, starting with [FOSDEM](https://fosdem.org/2023/) in Brussels 4 and 5 Feb, followed by the German RSE [conference](https://de-rse23.sciencesconf.org) in Paderborn 20-22 Feb and [JupyterCon](https://www.jupytercon.com) in Paris 10-12 May.
- Going International: Watch out for the interview with the founders of [RSE Asia](https://rse-asia.github.io/RSE_Asia/) which will go live in the first half of this year. But I am also excited about the idea of launching a **German** language version of Code for Thought - starting with the RSE conference in Paderborn (see above)
- ByteSized RSE: Our ByteSized RSE mini series is to continue with 4 more episodes. The series has been in conjunction with the online and interactive sessions run by Jeremy Cohen and Steve Couch. It's an exciting idea to combine training sessions with podcast episodes. And we will discuss how we can take this further in future. 

## 28 Jan 2023, Starting a Newsletter and Support on Patreon
Over the past two years I found there is a lot of information and material that may not make it into an episode. Which doesn't mean it's not worthwhile sharing. 
Hence, I would like to use this space to give you extra bits of stories, information, news snippets etc. 

In addition, I would like to ask you for your support.
The podcast has been growing since its creation some 56 episodes ago. 
It has been an amazing journey. And one I would like to continue with more content for listeners and readers.
And so for 2023 and beyond, I plan to spend more time and effort on content creation and production.

Since this is a community podcast I really appreciate your feedback and ideas.
There are plenty of ways to contact me 
- on Slack ukrse  (@piddie), 
- Mastodon (@code4thought@fosstodon.org), 
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pweschmidt/) or 
- simply by (email)[mailto:code4thought@proton.me].

I also took the liberty to create a "tipping" jar for the podcast on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/codeforthought).
